
                   Welcome to SCAD3 1.0

                   April 20, 2015

                   University of California at Riverside
                   Author: Sheldon Tan



This document describes the installation of SCAD3 1.1 on Linux system.

SCAD3 1.1 includes a main programs and examples in the software release package -- 
most of which like to live in their own directories.  
The install script will build a standard hierarchy. 
Or, if you get the tar file from the ftp site, the hierarchy 
will be constructed automatically by tar.

The SCAD3 executable (scad3) may be placed anywhere the user 
wants but the install script places it in the bin directory created 
during installation.

1.0 ENVIRONMENT SETUP

SCAD3 system requires the SUN WorkShop(2.0) development package. But it should 
work with latest Linux development enviorment.   
You need to make sure the C++ compiler is in your searching path. 
But it should compile using atest gnu C++ compiler.   
To be able to use the SCAD3, you also need put "scad3/bin" 
in your searching path since all the executable files are 
located in this directory. Note "scad3" is the root 
directory where all the source code and example files are 
organized under this directory. You also can use different 
name for this default name.

2.0 INSTALLATION

This section is for UNIX users and describes the most convenient installation procedure. 
(if you get from github, you can skip the 'tar' command part)

FORMAT: scad3.tar

To begin installation, place the scad3.tar file into the directory 
where you want to place a isad subdirectory.  Untar the file with

     tar xvf isad.tar

and cd into it.  To install SCAD3, you may first need install
the PCCTS package located in pccts directory. To install
pccts, come to pccts subdirectory and simply type
 
     make

which will build the standard PCCTS directory hierarchy (under the
directory where you ran the install script) and build executable
versions of antlr and dlg. Compilation of PCCTS package is not
necessary as long as no modification is made to the source code. 

After the installation of PCCTS, come back the src sub-directory
and type 

    make 

The executable file scad3 will be generated in scad3/bin directory.

Note:  another executable file needed for SCAD3 is the plot display
program `xgraph` which is in the scad3/bin directory

For directory hierarchical discripation and usage of SCAD3 system,
refer to the ~scad3/doc/manul
