
                           Welcome to SCAD3 1.0

                              January 5, 1998


                   University of Iowa Computer Engineering Dept

                           Xiangdong(Sheldon) Tan 

			        Richard. Shi



     This document describes the installation of SCAD3 1.1 on SUN UNIX.
(Solaris 2.x or SUNoS)

     SCAD3 1.1 includes a main programs and examples
in the software release package -- most of which like to live in their
own directories.  The install script will build a standard hierarchy.
Or, if you get the tar file off the ftp site, the hierarchy will be
constructed automatically by tar.

     The SCAD3 executables (isad) may be placed anywhere the user
wishes but the install script places them in the bin directory created
during installation.

1.0 INVIORNMENT SETUP

SCAD3 system requires the SUN WorkShop(2.0) development package. 
You need to make sure the C++ compiler is put in your seaching
path. To be able to use the SCAD3, you also need put "isad/bin"
in your searching path since all the executable files are
located in this directory. Note "isad" is the root direactory where
all the source code and exmaple files are organzied under this
directory. You also can use different name for this default name.

2.0 INSTALLATION

This section is for UNIX users and describes the most convenient
installation procedure.

FORMAT: isad.tar

To begin installation, place the isad.tar file into the directory
where you want to place a isad subdirectory.  Untar the file with

     tar xvf isad.tar

and cd into it.  To install SCAD3, you may first need install
the PCCTS package located in pccts directory. To install
pccts, come to pccts subdirectory and simply type
 
     make

which will build the standard PCCTS directory hierarchy (under the
directory where you ran the install script) and build executable
versions of antlr and dlg. Compliation of PCCTS package is not
necessary as long as no modification is made to the source code. 

After the installation of PCCTS, come back the src sub-directory
and type 

    make 

The executable file isad will be generated in isad/bin directory.

Note:  another exectuable file needed for SCAD3 is the plot display
program `xgraph` which is in the isad/bin directory

For directory hierachical discripation and usage of SCAD3 system,
refer to the ~isad/doc/manul
